So, this is the third and final thing that we need to do in our app to
get React router to start managing the URL and the UI for us.
So, come back to our App.js file here,
and import something called a route,
which is going to come from react-router-dom,
and we'll come down here to where we have this logic right here.
Instead of doing that,
let's go ahead and actually render a route.
We'll give it a path of slash and then we will give it a render prop.
This render prop is going to take a function here.
Now, let's move our List Contacts component into that render function.
So, now we have route path slash and here's what we
want this route to render when this path matches the URL.
So, let's do the same thing for Create Contact.
We'll have a route, we'll say path,
it's going to be slash create.
We don't have to use render here,
we could use something called component and what we can
pass it as the Create Contact component.
So, this is just another option where we can say just render
this component for me when the path matches slash create.
So, up here, we wanted to parse the List Contacts a few custom props.
So, we use react routers or routes render prop here to say, "Hey,
we want to be the ones who are creating this element so
we can be the ones who pass it specific prompts."
But down here, since we weren't needing to pass the Create Contact component any props,
we can just say, "Hey, here's the component.
Go ahead and render that yourself,
go ahead and create that element yourself,
react router, because we don't need to actually pass it anything."
So, right now, what I want you to do before I hit save,
is I want you to think about what route,
or specifically what component is going to be rendered,
List Contacts or Create Contact?
So, we are at the slash create path.
So, if I hit save, that's a little strange.
What's happening is we are still getting both components.
We're getting our List Contacts component right here,
and we're also getting our Create Contact component right here.
The reason for that is because technically, both paths match.
Slash create matches fully,
but slash also matches partially.
So, in order to fix that,
what we can do is we can say,
"We only want to match and to render our List Contacts when slash matches exactly."
So, now if we save this what we'll see is we only
see the Create Contact component because
slash create no longer matches slash
because we're only matching exactly rather than just partially.
So, we can actually test this out.
We can just go to localhost 3,000 and when we do that,
our List Contacts component is going to be rendered because the path matched exactly.
Now, when we click on this link component,
you'll notice at the bottom left-hand corner we're going to go to slash create.
When we do that, this component is no longer going to be
rendered because we are not at slash or we're not at the home screen.
Instead, we are at slash create.
So, we then get the Create Contact component.
So, now what we can do,
since react router is managing these screens for us,
we can delete the screen property on our states.
Then we can also get rid of
our own navigate prop that we are passing down to our List Contacts component.